PowerShell Contributing.md, before:

# Ten ways of contributing to PowerShell OSS

## How

You can contribute by lending your time and expertise. There are so many ways to do so. Blogging, speaking, teaching, sharing code, writing modules, helping others on forums/channels to name a few. In this blog I want to focus on contributing to the PowerShell language directly. 

## Why this blog

I found the documentation on how to contribute to PowerShell/PowerShell (which is [here](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)) a bit daunting. The more links I followed, the more detailed and complex everything got. At that point I felt I was not ready to contribute. I did contribute anyway eventually. And I realised there may be more people willing to contribute, but don't know where to start, and there does not seem to be a guide of how to start contributing to PowerShell in an easy way. Also there are more ways to contribute apart from contributing C# code.

## Where

There are a lot of repositories where you can contribute. I choose to list these three, because here you can contribute to PowerShell itself most directly in my opinion:

- Documentation and Get-Help files: <https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs>
- Proposals about the language: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell-RFC>
- Issues, code and tests: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell>

## Why contribute

If you use PowerShell and you like it, chances are you have gained benefit from it. Why not give back? You may learn a thing or two on the way, and the PowerShell OSS community is very helpful and friendly too. 
If you would like a more thorough reasoning, I can recommend [Joel's blogpost on this](https://vexx32.github.io/2019/01/03/Contributing-Open-Source/).

## Ten ways to contribute

### 1. File a bug

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

If you use PowerShell as your daily driver, or use it often on sideprojects, you may eventually run into something odd.

File that bug right here: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues>

This is what you will be asked for when filing a bug:

- Make sure you are able to reproduce it on the [latest released version](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases)
- Search the [existing issues](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues).
- Refer to the [FAQ](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md).
- Refer to the [known issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/whats-new/known-issues-ps6?view=powershell-7).
- List steps to reproduce the bug
- Explain what you expected to happen
- Tell what actually happened instead
- Paste in relevant environment info: output of $PSVersionTable and if any, the errormessage.

When in doubt, just share what you encountered to check if it's a bug in PowerShell or not. Good places to share are:

- [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com), tag your tweet with #pshelp
- The [PowerShell Discord/Slack/IRC channel](http://poshcode.org/)
- The [PowerShell/PowerShell Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/PowerShell/PowerShell)

### 2. Help confirm bugs

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

Confirming bugs is going through bug issues and try if you can reproduce the bug too. This helps assess if a bug is really a bug or not.

To list all bugs, filter on the label ['Issue-Bug'](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AIssue-Bug)

You can comment in the issue whether or not you could repro it, and on which version of PowerShell. Always try to reproduce a bug on the latest version of PowerShell.
Make sure you read the [FAQ](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md) and the [known issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/whats-new/).

If a bug is reproducible, it can be tested and fixed. If a bug is not reproducable, more research may be needed. You may be able to help the filer of the bug with that.

### 3. Comment on language change proposals

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

Bigger changes or more complicated features/ideas go through the Request For Change (RFC) process. Anyone can submit a prosal and  request comments from the community and the team. Typically, an RFC will remain open for two months, to give everyone the opportunity to comment. Then the Committee will then make a decision on the subject.

The RFC may be discussed in the monthly call if there is reason to. 

The full process is explained here: <https://github.com/PowerShell/powershell-rfc/blob/master/RFC0000-RFC-Process.md>

By commenting on an RFC, you can influence how an idea is going to be implemented, if at all. Comments are valueable for the community and the committee to make a balanced decision, weighing all voices.

### 4. Attend the monthly PowerShell community call

> Requires
> 
> - A microphone and speakers
> - You can even join anonymously if you like 
> 
> Optional
> 
> - MS Teams
> - A headset
> - A camera

Every month, there is a call with PowerShell team members (committee) and community members are invited! 
You can find the join link, as well as transcripts/youtube recordings of previous calls here: 
<https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell-RFC/tree/master/CommunityCall/>

Goal of the meeting is sharing roadmap/release info, and discussing RFC's. You can join in, ask questions and let your voice be heard. Eg. if there is an RFC you have commented on, you can explain your view. 

### 5. Suggest an improvement

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

You can also come up with ideas yourself!

If you have a cool improvement for a cmdlet, a new feature or just a great idea, you can submit it as a [feature request](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Issue-Enhancement&template=Feature_Request.md&title=Feature+Request).

The maintainers will look at your idea and let you know what they think! All genuine feature requests are handled with respect. So don't be afraid to share your thoughts! 

Do take the time to find out if your idea has been proposed before and what was decided and why. You can filter on the label 'Issue-Enhancement'. 

In some cases it may be a good move to 'test' your idea against a few people first, before taking the time to fully explain what you have in mind in an issue, a great place to do so would be the [PowerShell Discord/Slack/IRC channel](link required).

### 6. Contribute Help content

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Knowledge of Markdown
> 
> Optional
> 
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)

You can contribute by writing, improving, expanding help files. The ones that are used by Get-Help. Especially more examples for cmdlets are always welcome.

Head over to the <https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/Powershell-Docs> repo, and read their [contributing manual](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs/blob/staging/CONTRIBUTING.md)

To do small contributions like typos, just navigate to that file, click the 'Edit' button, and GitHub will create a copy (fork) on your own GitHub for you. When you are satisfied with your changes, you can save them, and submit a pull request to the _staging_ branch of the PowerShell-Docs repository. 

For bigger contributions, you are better off cloning your fork locally to your computer. This enables you to use VSCode and other editing tools. A guide on how to do that can be found [here](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs/blob/staging/contributing/1-GET-STARTED.md#making-major-edits-to-existing-topics).

With more examples, less typos, clearer wording, PowerShell can be easier to learn and use for everyone!

### 7. Write Pester tests

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Sign [Microsoft Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/)
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Know how to run tests
> - Pester 4.2 or higher
> - Pester knowledge 

Within the PowerShell project, many parts are tested automatically. A big part of that is done with Pester. See [here](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/tree/master/test/powershell). 

Many CmdLets could use better or more extensive tests to check if they keep working correctly when someone would change them in the future. So the Pester tests for CmdLets are kind of a safeguard against regression. 

#### How to start

- Create an issue in the PowerShell repo, where you state that you would like to contribute Pester tests. Ask the maintainers if there are any specific CmdLets that could use improved tests. 
- Fork the PowerShell repository to your own GitHub
- Clone your fork of the PowerShell repo to your local machine
- Create a new Git branch for your work
- All Pester tests can be found in this folder:  
  `.\test\powershell`
- Tests for built-in CmdLets are here:  
  `.\test\powershell\Modules`  
  Especially the folders named `Microsoft.PowerShell.*`
- Tests can also be found by using a search tool like VSCode's `Ctrl+F`. Just search for the CmdLet you are looking for, and filter for filenames with `*.tests.ps1`.

#### How to run a test

To run a test, you need to build the binaries first. And if you run all tests, that's going to take some time. Good thing there is an easy way!

In the base of the repository there is a module 'build.ps1', that has all kind of handy CmdLets in it for this kind of thing. Load it like this:

`Import-Module .\build.psm1`

(If you want to know which tools are inside, use `Get-Command -Module build`)

Now you can simply run `Start-PSPester` to kick of a build, and run ALL Pester tests. This will take some time, and this is not what you want to do when writing extra tests, or improving existing ones. So what do we do instead? We tell `Start-PSPester` which testfile we want to run:

`Start-PSPester -Path .\test\powershell\Modules\Microsoft.PowerShell.Core\Get-Command.Tests.ps1`

You will notice that it rebuilds pwsh binaries each time you use Start-PSPester. This takes time, and since we are only writing Pester, and not editing the C# code, we only need to build pwsh binaries once. To suppress new builds, you add the `-SkipTestToolBuild` switch:

`Start-PSPester -Path .\test\powershell\Modules\Microsoft.PowerShell.Core\Get-Command.Tests.ps1 -SkipTestToolBuild`

For specific tips about how to use Pester within the PowerShell repo, be sure to read this document as an addendum to the Pester documentation: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md>

#### Submitting your contribution 

Do small git commits while you work, and don't forget to git push the work on your branch every once in a while. When you are satisfied with your work, you can create a Pull Request. You can create a PR from your own GitHub on the branch you created for you work on this. It helps to reference your original Issue where you asked for guidance what to work on, use a '#' sign and put the number of your Issue behind it. Fill any fields the PR requests from you. 

Once you have created a PR, the automated CI process will start to run. It will run ALL tests, on Windows, Linux and OSX. You can follow the status of the running tests in your PR. It takes around 20 minutes or so to finish. Every time you push a new commit to your branch that you created the PR from, it will trigger a new CI run. 

If you want to signal the maintainers that you are working on stuff, but are not ready yet, you can rename your PR to start with `WIP:` for Work In Progress. 

Every Pull Request in the PowerShell repo gets an assignee. A person who you can ask for help when something is not working properly (sometimes CI can be glitchy and fail on something else than your code), or if you just have a question. Be patient - half of the work on the PowerShell repository is being done by volunteers, members of the community like you who do this in their spare time. And staff members of the PowerShell team have all kinds of tasks assigned to them. 

Your work in the PR will be reviewed by two maintainers. They will ask you to change things here and there, maybe even about code you did not touch, _because, just like you, they love PowerShell_ and they want the best for the product. If you don't know what they mean, just say so, no worries. They are all very helpful and friendly people. It can take a few weeks for the whole review/finetuning process to complete. 

Once all the CI checks turn green, and your reviewers are satisfied, your PR will be merged and your test is added to the codebase, and will be run every time anyone uses the CI system inside the repo :-)

### 8. Write C# code for PowerShell

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Sign [Microsoft Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/)
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Pester knowledge/know how to run test suite
> - An Integrated Development Environment that supports C#, like VSCode or Visual Studio.
> - C# knowledge

TODO

- Pick an issue
- let mainainers know you would like to take it on

### 9. Write C# xUnit tests

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Sign [Microsoft Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/)
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Know how to run tests
> - Knowledge of the xUnit framework
> - C# knowledge

TODO
<https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/tree/master/test/xUnit>

### 10. Write RFC's

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Firm understanding of PowerShell

TODO
Anyone in the community can write a proposal as an Request For Comments (RFC), and see what the committee and the community think.

Commit message:

Little correction on Pester, start of xUnit test

PowerShell Contributing.md, after:

# Ten ways of contributing to PowerShell OSS

## How

You can contribute by lending your time and expertise. There are so many ways to do so. Blogging, speaking, teaching, sharing code, writing modules, helping others on forums/channels to name a few. In this blog I want to focus on contributing to the PowerShell language directly. 

## Why this blog

I found the documentation on how to contribute to PowerShell/PowerShell (which is [here](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)) a bit daunting. The more links I followed, the more detailed and complex everything got. At that point I felt I was not ready to contribute. I did contribute anyway eventually. And I realised there may be more people willing to contribute, but don't know where to start, and there does not seem to be a guide of how to start contributing to PowerShell in an easy way. Also there are more ways to contribute apart from contributing C# code.

## Where

There are a lot of repositories where you can contribute. I choose to list these three, because here you can contribute to PowerShell itself most directly in my opinion:

- Documentation and Get-Help files: <https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs>
- Proposals about the language: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell-RFC>
- Issues, code and tests: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell>

## Why contribute

If you use PowerShell and you like it, chances are you have gained benefit from it. Why not give back? You may learn a thing or two on the way, and the PowerShell OSS community is very helpful and friendly too. 
If you would like a more thorough reasoning, I can recommend [Joel's blogpost on this](https://vexx32.github.io/2019/01/03/Contributing-Open-Source/).

## Ten ways to contribute

### 1. File a bug

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

If you use PowerShell as your daily driver, or use it often on sideprojects, you may eventually run into something odd.

File that bug right here: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues>

This is what you will be asked for when filing a bug:

- Make sure you are able to reproduce it on the [latest released version](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases)
- Search the [existing issues](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues).
- Refer to the [FAQ](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md).
- Refer to the [known issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/whats-new/known-issues-ps6?view=powershell-7).
- List steps to reproduce the bug
- Explain what you expected to happen
- Tell what actually happened instead
- Paste in relevant environment info: output of $PSVersionTable and if any, the errormessage.

When in doubt, just share what you encountered to check if it's a bug in PowerShell or not. Good places to share are:

- [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com), tag your tweet with #pshelp
- The [PowerShell Discord/Slack/IRC channel](http://poshcode.org/)
- The [PowerShell/PowerShell Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/PowerShell/PowerShell)

### 2. Help confirm bugs

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

Confirming bugs is going through bug issues and try if you can reproduce the bug too. This helps assess if a bug is really a bug or not.

To list all bugs, filter on the label ['Issue-Bug'](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AIssue-Bug)

You can comment in the issue whether or not you could repro it, and on which version of PowerShell. Always try to reproduce a bug on the latest version of PowerShell.
Make sure you read the [FAQ](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md) and the [known issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/whats-new/).

If a bug is reproducible, it can be tested and fixed. If a bug is not reproducable, more research may be needed. You may be able to help the filer of the bug with that.

### 3. Comment on language change proposals

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

Bigger changes or more complicated features/ideas go through the Request For Change (RFC) process. Anyone can submit a prosal and  request comments from the community and the team. Typically, an RFC will remain open for two months, to give everyone the opportunity to comment. Then the Committee will then make a decision on the subject.

The RFC may be discussed in the monthly call if there is reason to. 

The full process is explained here: <https://github.com/PowerShell/powershell-rfc/blob/master/RFC0000-RFC-Process.md>

By commenting on an RFC, you can influence how an idea is going to be implemented, if at all. Comments are valueable for the community and the committee to make a balanced decision, weighing all voices.

### 4. Attend the monthly PowerShell community call

> Requires
> 
> - A microphone and speakers
> - You can even join anonymously if you like 
> 
> Optional
> 
> - MS Teams
> - A headset
> - A camera

Every month, there is a call with PowerShell team members (committee) and community members are invited! 
You can find the join link, as well as transcripts/youtube recordings of previous calls here: 
<https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell-RFC/tree/master/CommunityCall/>

Goal of the meeting is sharing roadmap/release info, and discussing RFC's. You can join in, ask questions and let your voice be heard. Eg. if there is an RFC you have commented on, you can explain your view. 

### 5. Suggest an improvement

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account

You can also come up with ideas yourself!

If you have a cool improvement for a cmdlet, a new feature or just a great idea, you can submit it as a [feature request](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Issue-Enhancement&template=Feature_Request.md&title=Feature+Request).

The maintainers will look at your idea and let you know what they think! All genuine feature requests are handled with respect. So don't be afraid to share your thoughts! 

Do take the time to find out if your idea has been proposed before and what was decided and why. You can filter on the label 'Issue-Enhancement'. 

In some cases it may be a good move to 'test' your idea against a few people first, before taking the time to fully explain what you have in mind in an issue, a great place to do so would be the [PowerShell Discord/Slack/IRC channel](link required).

### 6. Contribute Help content

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Knowledge of Markdown
> 
> Optional
> 
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)

You can contribute by writing, improving, expanding help files. The ones that are used by Get-Help. Especially more examples for cmdlets are always welcome.

Head over to the <https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/Powershell-Docs> repo, and read their [contributing manual](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs/blob/staging/CONTRIBUTING.md)

To do small contributions like typos, just navigate to that file, click the 'Edit' button, and GitHub will create a copy (fork) on your own GitHub for you. When you are satisfied with your changes, you can save them, and submit a pull request to the _staging_ branch of the PowerShell-Docs repository. 

For bigger contributions, you are better off cloning your fork locally to your computer. This enables you to use VSCode and other editing tools. A guide on how to do that can be found [here](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs/blob/staging/contributing/1-GET-STARTED.md#making-major-edits-to-existing-topics).

With more examples, less typos, clearer wording, PowerShell can be easier to learn and use for everyone!

### 7. Write Pester tests

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Sign [Microsoft Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/)
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Know how to run tests
> - Pester 4.2 or higher
> - Pester knowledge 

Within the PowerShell project, many parts are tested automatically. A big part of that is done with Pester. See [here](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/tree/master/test/powershell). 

Many CmdLets could use better or more extensive tests to check if they keep working correctly when someone would change them in the future. So the Pester tests for CmdLets are kind of a safeguard against regression. 

#### How to start

- Create an issue in the PowerShell repo, where you state that you would like to contribute Pester tests. Ask the maintainers if there are any specific CmdLets that could use improved tests. 
- Fork the PowerShell repository to your own GitHub
- Clone your fork of the PowerShell repo to your local machine
- Create a new Git branch for your work
- All Pester tests can be found in this folder:  
  `.\test\powershell`
- Tests for built-in CmdLets are here:  
  `.\test\powershell\Modules`  
  Especially the folders named `Microsoft.PowerShell.*`
- Tests can also be found by using a search tool like VSCode's `Ctrl+F`. Just search for the CmdLet you are looking for, and filter for filenames with `*.tests.ps1`.

#### How to run a test

To run a test, you need to build the pwsh binaries first, and you need the test-tool. Also note, if you run all tests, that's going to take some time. Good thing there is an easy way!

In the base of the repository there is a module 'build.ps1', that has all kind of handy CmdLets in it for this kind of thing. Load it like this:

`Import-Module .\build.psm1`

(If you want to know which tools are inside, use `Get-Command -Module build`)

The very fist time, you need to set up a few things. To do that, run `Start-PsBootstrap` (may need sudo/adminstrative privileges, depending on your system. On a docker container, it needs the `-NoSudo` switch).

You also need to build the pwsh binaries for the tests to run against: `Start-PsBuild`

Now you could simply run `Start-PSPester` to kick off a build, and run ALL Pester tests. This would take some time, and this is still not what you want to do when writing extra tests, or improving existing ones. So what do we do instead? We tell `Start-PSPester` which testfile we want to run:

`Start-PSPester -Path .\test\powershell\Modules\Microsoft.PowerShell.Core\Get-Command.Tests.ps1`

You will notice that it rebuilds pwsh binaries each time you use Start-PSPester. This takes time, and since we are only writing Pester, and not editing the C# code, we only need to build pwsh binaries once. To suppress new builds, you add the `-SkipTestToolBuild` switch:

`Start-PSPester -Path .\test\powershell\Modules\Microsoft.PowerShell.Core\Get-Command.Tests.ps1 -SkipTestToolBuild`

For specific tips about how to use Pester within the PowerShell repo, be sure to read this document as an addendum to the Pester documentation: <https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md>

#### Submitting your contribution 

Do small git commits while you work, and don't forget to git push the work on your branch every once in a while. When you are satisfied with your work, you can create a Pull Request. You can create a PR from your own GitHub on the branch you created for you work on this. It helps to reference your original Issue where you asked for guidance what to work on, use a '#' sign and put the number of your Issue behind it. Fill any fields the PR requests from you. 

Once you have created a PR, the automated CI process will start to run. It will run ALL tests, on Windows, Linux and OSX. You can follow the status of the running tests in your PR. It takes around 20 minutes or so to finish. Every time you push a new commit to your branch that you created the PR from, it will trigger a new CI run. 

If you want to signal the maintainers that you are working on stuff, but are not ready yet, you can rename your PR to start with `WIP:` for Work In Progress. 

Every Pull Request in the PowerShell repo gets an assignee. A person who you can ask for help when something is not working properly (sometimes CI can be glitchy and fail on something else than your code), or if you just have a question. Be patient - half of the work on the PowerShell repository is being done by volunteers, members of the community like you who do this in their spare time. And staff members of the PowerShell team have all kinds of tasks assigned to them. 

Your work in the PR will be reviewed by two maintainers. They will ask you to change things here and there, maybe even about code you did not touch, _because, just like you, they love PowerShell_ and they want the best for the product. If you don't know what they mean, just say so, no worries. They are all very helpful and friendly people. It can take a few weeks for the whole review/finetuning process to complete. 

Once all the CI checks turn green, and your reviewers are satisfied, your PR will be merged and your test is added to the codebase, and will be run every time anyone uses the CI system inside the repo :-)

### 8. Write C# code for PowerShell

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Sign [Microsoft Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/)
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Pester knowledge/know how to run test suite
> - An Integrated Development Environment that supports C#, like VSCode or Visual Studio.
> - C# knowledge

TODO: Lots of the same stuff as under Pester will need to go here too. Should I just refer to that, or should I split that info out as a separate chapter as a prerequisite to chapter 7, 8 and 9?

> Tip: If you encounter weird build errors, just run `Start-PSBuild -Clean`. This is generally a good idea every time you update your branch.

### 9. Write C# xUnit tests

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Sign [Microsoft Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/)
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Know how to run tests
> - Knowledge of the xUnit framework
> - C# knowledge

TODO
<https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/tree/master/test/xUnit>

The first time you have to initinalize a few options, like so:
`Get-PSOptions -DefaultToNew | Save-PSOptions` and then `Restore-PSOptions`. Then you can use

`Start-PSxUnit -xUnitTestResultsFile ".\xunit.xml"`

To start a test run for xUnit tests. It will output to the file with the name you have specified.

### 10. Write RFC's

> Requires
> 
> - GitHub account
> - Git and some knowledge of it
> - Knowledge of GitHub workflow (fork > clone > PR)
> - Firm understanding of PowerShell

TODO
Anyone in the community can write a proposal as an Request For Comments (RFC), and see what the committee and the community think.
